Revise tutorials (#595)
CDCgov/PyRenew: docs/tutorials/basic_renewal_model.qmd

---
title: Fitting a basic renewal model
format: gfm
engine: jupyter
---

> This document will show the steps to build a simple renewal model featuring a latent infection process, a random walk $\mathcal{R}(t)$ process, and an observation process for the reported infections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows the steps to build a simple renewal model featuring a latent infection process, a random walk $\mathcal{R}(t)$ process, and an observation process for the reported infections.
```
